PyCodeWriterOpenAIToolkitBuilder
================================

``PyCodeWriterOpenAIToolkitBuilder`` is a class that builds and manages
tools for the OpenAI’s Python code writer. It inherits from both
PyCodeWriterToolkitBuilder and OpenAIAgentToolkitBuilder. The class is
used for creating machine learning models trained to accomplish specific
programming tasks.

Overview
--------

``PyCodeWriterOpenAIToolkitBuilder`` primarily leverages the
``build_for_open_ai`` method to generate a list of tools specifically
designed for OpenAI usage. These tools consist of OpenAITool instances,
which include the tool’s function, name, description, and details of
properties and requirements for proper usage.

This class is useful when there is a need to modify or generate code
through OpenAI tools. It’s registered with a unique tool name and a
provider to ensure proper categorization and usage within the software
development process.

Related Symbols
---------------

Unfortunately, the provided context does not include any related symbols
for the ``PyCodeWriterOpenAIToolkitBuilder`` class.

Example
-------

Below is a basic way of using ``PyCodeWriterOpenAIToolkitBuilder``:

.. code:: python

   from automata.tools.builders.py_writer_builder import PyCodeWriterOpenAIToolkitBuilder

   builder = PyCodeWriterOpenAIToolkitBuilder()
   tools = builder.build_for_open_ai()

Limitations
-----------

The properties and required parameters (``module_dotpath`` and ``code``)
appear to be hardcoded into the ``build_for_open_ai`` method. This might
restrict the class’s flexibility to adapt to different or expanded tool
property requirements. If this is the case, it may be worth considering
making these configurable.

Further, it’s unclear how ``PyCodeWriterOpenAIToolkitBuilder`` works
within the larger context of the application, considering the lack of
tests and related symbols provided.

Follow-up Questions:
--------------------

-  How can we make the properties and required parameters configurable?
-  What is the wider context within which
   ``PyCodeWriterOpenAIToolkitBuilder`` operates, and how does it
   interact with other components of the system?
-  Does the ``PyCodeWriterOpenAIToolkitBuilder.build_for_open_ai``
   method completely replace the functionalities of the parent class
   ``build`` method or complements it in some way?
