SymbolEmbedding
===============

``SymbolEmbedding`` is an abstract base class designed for the handling
of symbol code embeddings within the Automata framework. In machine
learning and natural language processing, embeddings represent data such
as words, sentences, or symbols as vectors in high-dimensional space.
These vector representations capture the inherent relationships and
features of the original data in a format that can be efficiently
processed by machine learning algorithms. The ``SymbolEmbedding`` class
abstracts the embedding process for code symbols, representing them as
vectors that can be further used for tasks such as code analysis,
search, or semantic reasoning.

Overview
--------

The ``SymbolEmbedding`` class defines a standard interface for symbol
embeddings by providing an initiation method and an abstract string
representation method. It provides property and setter methods for the
symbol key, allowing for flexible usage and the potential for future
extensions. This class needs to be inherited and the abstract methods
need to be implemented to make a concrete class for specific types of
symbol embeddings.

Related Symbols
---------------

-  ``SymbolEmbedding`` is the base class for ``SymbolCodeEmbedding`` and
   ``SymbolDocEmbedding``, which are concrete implementations of symbol
   embeddings for code symbols and document symbols respectively.

-  ``SymbolCodeEmbeddingHandler`` is a class that handles the embedding
   of code symbols, which uses ``SymbolCodeEmbedding``.

-  ``SymbolDocEmbeddingHandler`` is a class to handle the embedding of
   document symbols, which uses ``SymbolDocEmbedding``.

Usage Example
-------------

Here’s an example of how a subclass ``SymbolCodeEmbedding`` inherits
from ``SymbolEmbedding``. Note that as ``SymbolEmbedding`` is an
abstract class, it can’t be instantiated directly.

.. code:: python

   from automata.symbol_embedding.base import SymbolEmbedding, Symbol
   import numpy as np

   class SymbolCodeEmbedding(SymbolEmbedding):
       def __init__(self, symbol: Symbol, source_code: str, vector: np.ndarray):
           super().__init__(symbol, source_code, vector)

       def __str__(self) -> str:
           return f"SymbolCodeEmbedding for Symbol: {self.symbol}, with vector: {self.vector}"

Create an instance of ``SymbolCodeEmbedding``:

.. code:: python

   from automata.symbol.base import Symbol
   symbol = Symbol.from_string("Sample symbol string")
   vector = np.array([1, 0, 0, 0])
   embedding_instance = SymbolCodeEmbedding(symbol, "source code", vector)

Print Embedding:

.. code:: python

   print(embedding_instance)

Limitations
-----------

The class in itself does not perform any computations for symbol
embedding, but it sets an interface for what methods an embedding class
should implement. Therefore, the actual effectiveness of the embedding
is dependent on the concrete implementation of methods in the subclasses
like ``SymbolCodeEmbedding`` and ``SymbolDocEmbedding``.

Follow-up Questions:
--------------------

-  What specific implementations are possible or planned for this
   abstract class in the automata project itself?
-  Are there any planned methods or enhancements for these embeddings,
   such as embedding update or real-time learning of embeddings?
