In a real-world context, a concrete subclass of ``ChromaVectorDatabase``
might be created to manage a database of vector representations for
specific types of data, such as AI or ML models.

The subclass would implement the abstract methods depending on the
specific use case. For example, ``add()`` and ``batch_add()`` might be
implemented to insert new vectors to the database, ``update_entry()`` to
modify existing vectors, ``entry_to_key()`` to create a unique
identifier for each vector, and ``get_ordered_keys()`` and
``get_all_ordered_embeddings()`` to retrieve the vectors in a specific
order.

The choice of ``duckdb+parquet`` as the Chromaâ€™s DB implementation
suggests that the database is designed for efficient handling of large
amounts of read-oriented analytical workloads. DuckDB is an in-memory
analytical database, and Parquet is a columnar storage file format
optimized for big data processing.

This choice would make ChromaVectorDatabase efficient for operations
like filtering and aggregation but less suitable for write-heavy
workloads due to the overhead of converting the data into the Parquet
format. It is also probable that the database would work seamlessly with
tools that support the Parquet format, such as Pandas and Apache Arrow.

The ordering of keys in ``get_ordered_keys()`` method would depend on
the specific needs of the application. For example, keys could be
ordered based on the timestamp of their insertion to the database, their
semantic meaning, or their closeness to a specific reference vector.

To get the ordered entries efficiently in
``get_all_ordered_embeddings()`` method, the database could use an index
on the columns that are used for ordering. The exact strategy would
depend on the chosen DB implementation and the specific requirements of
the application, such as the need for real-time responses or the
acceptable level of accuracy in the order of the returned entries.
