OpenAITool
==========

``OpenAITool`` is a class in the OpenAI language learning model (LLM)
that helps in using the OpenAI agent. By standardizing the necessary
components like the properties and required attributes needed for OpenAI
functions, it offers structured integration and usage of OpenAI.

Overview
--------

``OpenAITool`` helps streamline operations with the OpenAI agent. It
holds the properties required to use the OpenAI function. The required
properties and a list of optional properties are stored in a dictionary,
with the function and its description stored separately. Upon
initialization, the function, name, description, properties, and the
required list are passed to set up the tool.

Related Symbols
---------------

Since context does not provide related symbols to ``OpenAITool``,
detailed related symbols cannot be provided here. Assumed related
symbols might be modules or classes which use ``OpenAITool`` or are used
by ``OpenAITool``.

Example
-------

The following is an example demonstrating how to use the ``OpenAITool``
class.

.. code:: python

   from automata.llm.providers.openai_llm import OpenAITool

   def my_function(input_string):
       # insert function logic here
       pass

   properties = {
       'property_1': {'description': 'description', 'type': 'str'},
       'property_2': {'description': 'description', 'type': 'int'}
   }

   openai_tool = OpenAITool(
      function=my_function, 
      name="OpenAI Tool", 
      description="This is a generic function description.", 
      properties=properties, 
      required=['property_1', 'property_2']
   )

In this example, we have created a new instance of ``OpenAITool`` with a
dummy function ``my_function``, a name, description, a dictionary of
properties and a list of required properties.

Limitations
-----------

The ``OpenAITool`` class relies on the ``OpenAIFunction`` for its
functioning. It ensures the required properties for the OpenAI function
are available and correctly formatted. However, it doesnâ€™t provide
explicit error handling or checks for the function itself. As such, it
assumes that the function provided during instantiation is correct and
valid. Any errors within the function can lead to a breakdown in the
operations of the ``OpenAITool`` object.

Follow-up Questions:
--------------------

-  How is error handling performed within ``OpenAITool`` beyond property
   validation?
-  Is there a way to update the properties of ``OpenAITool`` instances
   after creation?
-  Could we improve the ``OpenAITool`` class by adding type checking for
   the input function during instantiation?
