RepositoryClient
================

``RepositoryClient`` is an abstract base class designed to manage
repositories. It provides an interface for performing various operations
on both local and remote Git repositories such as cloning, creating
branches, checking out branches, staging changes, committing and pushing
changes, creating and merging pull requests, and checking for the
existence of branches.

Overview
--------

``RepositoryClient`` serves as a blueprint for creating classes that
interact with Git repositories. Each method represents a fundamental Git
operation. The methods of this class are abstract, meaning a concrete
class that inherits from ``RepositoryClient`` must provide an
implementation for these methods.

Related Symbols
---------------

There are no closely related symbols in the current context. However,
you should look to the implementation classes of this abstract base
class for related symbols.

Examples
--------

Below is an outline of how an implementation class might look like,
providing concrete implementations for the abstract methods of
``RepositoryClient``:

.. code:: python

   class GitPythonRepoClient(RepositoryClient):
       def clone_repository(self, local_path: str) -> Any:
           """Implementation of cloning a repository"""
           pass

       def create_branch(self, branch_name: str) -> Any:
           """Implementation of creating a new branch"""
           pass

       def checkout_branch(self, repo_local_path: str, branch_name: str) -> Any:
           """Implementation of checking out a branch"""
           pass

       def stage_all_changes(self, repo_local_path: str) -> Any:
           """Implementation of staging all changes"""
           pass

       def commit_and_push_changes(self, repo_local_path: str, branch_name: str, commit_message: str) -> Any:
           """Implementation of committing and pushing changes"""
           pass

       def create_pull_request(self, branch_name: str, title: str, body: str) -> Any:
           """Implementation of creating a pull request"""
           pass

       def merge_pull_request(self, pull_request_number: int, commit_message: str) -> PullRequestMergeStatus.PullRequestMergeStatus:
           """Implementation of merging a pull request"""
           pass

       def branch_exists(self, branch_name: str) -> bool:
           """Implementation of checking if a branch exists"""
           pass

The actual implementation of these methods will depend on the specific
git library being used (such as GitPython, pygit2, etc.)

Limitations
-----------

``RepositoryClient`` itself does not perform any actions, it just
defines the interface that should be implemented. Therefore, the
limitations are mainly dependent on the specific implementations of this
abstract base class. These limitations might be related to error
handling, repository access or manipulation limitations, compatibility
with different Git versions, etc.

Follow-up Questions:
--------------------

-  Which classes implement this abstract base class and how do they
   provide the functionality for managing repositories?
-  How does this class integrate with other components? Does it work
   solely with Git repositories or can it handle other version control
   systems?
-  Are there any edge cases or special considerations in the
   implementation of these methods?

The information provided in the context about the ``RepositoryClient``
is abstract, since it only defines an interface without any
implementation. Therefore, detailed implementation specifics, edge cases
and interacting classes might be missing from this documentation. For
specific details, the documentation of the implementing classes should
be consulted.
