The ``EnvironmentMode`` class in Automata is quite limited as it
currently only supports two modes - ``GITHUB`` and ``LOCAL_COPY``.
However, it is possible to extend this class by adding more modes to
accommodate different environments.

If an unsupported ``EnvironmentMode`` is supplied to
``AutomataTaskEnvironment``, it would result in an error. Currently, the
``AutomataTaskEnvironment`` does not have a fallback mechanism for
automatically selecting another mode if the one provided is unsupported.
The environment mode needs to be explicitly set during instantiation.

Error handling and recovery are handled differently depending on the
``EnvironmentMode``. If the mode is ``GITHUB``, any errors would be
reflected on the remote repository, and the task might fail, requiring a
manual recovery. If the mode is ``LOCAL_COPY``, the task would fail
locally, and recovery would typically involve fixing the issues in the
local copy and rerunning the task.

However, the behavior during errors depends largely on the
implementation of the specific task performed in the given environment.
This class is more or less a configuration class and does not include
any error handling or recovery mechanisms.

As per the ``EnvironmentMode`` extension, the ability to add more
environment types would largely depend on whether the
``AutomataTaskEnvironment`` class supports those environments. If it
doesnâ€™t, you would need to modify or extend that class to support the
new environment modes.

To provide more robust error handling, it is recommended to wrap calls
to tasks in try/except blocks and to implement appropriate error
handling in the task definition itself. It might also be beneficial to
implement logging or send error notifications when the task fails so
that recovery actions can be triggered.
