TaskEnvironment
===============

``TaskEnvironment`` is an abstract base class (ABC) designed to
represent a task environment. This class defines four methods for
managing the task environment: setup, teardown, validate, and reset.
These methods must be overridden by any concrete class inheriting from
``TaskEnvironment``.

Overview
--------

The ``TaskEnvironment`` class sets the basic structure to implement a
task environment within the application. The abstract methods it
contains are expected to include the business logic for setting up an
environment, tearing it down, validating it and resetting it to its
initial state. These methods need to be implemented in subclasses to
work as intended.

Related Symbols
---------------

As ``TaskEnvironment`` is an abstract class, the related symbols would
typically be the classes that inherit from it and implement its abstract
methods. As it is not contextually provided here, we can’t name them
specifically.

Usage Example
-------------

The example below shows a basic usage of a subclass of
``TaskEnvironment``. Please note that ``TaskEnvironment`` is an abstract
base class and cannot be instantiated on its own.

.. code:: python

   from automata.tasks.task_base import TaskEnvironment, Task

   class MyTaskEnvironment(TaskEnvironment):
     def setup(self, task: Task):
       print("Setting up the task environment.")
     
     def teardown(self):
       print("Tearing down the task environment.")
     
     def validate(self):
       print("Validating the task environment.")
     
     def reset(self):
       print("Resetting the task environment back to initial state.")

   # usage
   my_env = MyTaskEnvironment()
   my_env.setup(my_task)  # assuming my_task is an instance of Task
   my_env.validate()
   my_env.teardown()
   my_env.reset()

Limitations
-----------

Its main limitations are that it is highly abstract, meaning it doesn’t
provide any concrete functionality on its own. It relies on subclasses
to provide specific implementations of its methods. Therefore, using it
directly would lead to errors because its methods are yet to be
implemented.

Follow-up Questions:
--------------------

-  What are the specific criteria that should be validated in the
   validate method?
-  What does resetting the environment entail in this context?
-  Are there any restrictions, rules, or requirements for setting up or
   tearing down the environment that subclasses should adhere to?
