InvalidArguments
================

``InvalidArguments`` is an exception in ``PyCodeWriter``. It gets raised
when invalid arguments are passed to a method.

AST (Abstract Syntax Tree)
==========================

An Abstract Syntax Tree (AST) is a way of representing the syntax of a
programming language as a hierarchical tree-like data structure. This
tree allows the compiler or interpreter to easily parse and process the
program. The nodes of the tree denote constructs occurring in the source
code.

In Python language, ‘ast’ is a module for handling, manipulating, and
analyzing Python’s abstract syntax tree.

Dotpaths
========

A ``dotpath`` in python is a string representation of the import path
for a module, function, or variable, separated by dots (.). For example,
``os.path.join`` is a ``dotpath``. This references the ``join`` function
in the ``path`` module in the ``os`` package.

Singleton
=========

In software engineering, the singleton pattern is a software design
pattern that restricts the instantiation of a class to a single
“singleton” instance. This is useful when exactly one object is needed
to coordinate actions across the system. The concept is sometimes
generalized to systems that operate more efficiently when only one
object exists, or that restrict the instantiation to a certain number of
objects.

Lazy Loading
============

Lazy loading is a design pattern commonly used in computer programming
to defer initialization of an object until the point at which it is
needed. It can contribute to efficiency in the program’s operation if
properly and appropriately used. The opposite of lazy loading is eager
loading.
